Add usage section (#8)
ietf-scitt/draft-birkholz-cose-cometre-ccf-profile: draft-birkholz-cose-receipts-ccf-profile.md

A description can also be found at {{CCF-Receipt-Verification}}.

# Usage in COSE receipt

> A COSE receipt with a CCF inclusion proof is described by the following schema:

Author: ```suggestion
A COSE receipt with a CCF inclusion proof is described by the following CDDL definition:
```

> A COSE receipt with a CCF inclusion proof is described by the following schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A COSE receipt with a CCF inclusion proof is described by the following CDDL definition:
```

~~~~ cddl
protected-header-map = {
  &(alg: 1) => int
  &(vds: 395) => 2
  * cose-label => cose-value
}
~~~~

- alg (label: 1): REQUIRED. Signature algorithm identifier. Value type: int.
- vds (label: 395): REQUIRED. verifiable data structure algorithm identifier. Value type: int.

> The unprotected header for an inclusion proof signature is described by the following schema:

Author: ```suggestion
The unprotected header for an inclusion proof signature is described by the following CDDL definition:
```

> The unprotected header for an inclusion proof signature is described by the following schema:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unprotected header for an inclusion proof signature is described by the following CDDL definition:
```

~~~~ cddl

> inclusion-proof: bstr .cbor ccf-inclusion-proof

Author: ```suggestion
inclusion-proof = bstr .cbor ccf-inclusion-proof
```

> inclusion-proof = bstr .cbor ccf-inclusion-proof

Author: ```suggestion
inclusion-proof = ccf-inclusion-proof
```
